Management Commands
===================

.. contents:: **Table of contents**:
    :depth: 2
    :local:

``update_topology``
-------------------

After topology URLs (URLs exposing the files that the topology of the
network) have been added in the admin, the ``update_topology`` management
command can be used to collect data and start playing with the network
graph:

.. code-block::

    ./manage.py update_topology

The management command accepts a ``--label`` argument that will be used to
search in topology labels, eg:

.. code-block::

    ./manage.py update_topology --label mytopology

Logging
~~~~~~~

The ``update_topology`` management command will automatically try to log
errors.

For a good default ``LOGGING`` configuration refer to the `test settings
<https://github.com/openwisp/openwisp-network-topology/blob/master/tests/settings.py#L89>`_.

.. _network_topology_save_snapshot:

``save_snapshot``
-----------------

The ``save_snapshot`` management command can be used to save the topology
graph data which could be used to view the network topology graph sometime
in future:

.. code-block::

    ./manage.py save_snapshot

The management command accepts a ``--label`` argument that will be used to
search in topology labels, eg:

.. code-block::

    ./manage.py save_snapshot --label mytopology

``upgrade_from_django_netjsongraph``
------------------------------------

If you are upgrading from django-netjsongraph to
openwisp-network-topology, there is an easy migration script that will
import your topologies, users & groups to openwisp-network-topology
instance:

.. code-block::

    ./manage.py upgrade_from_django_netjsongraph

The management command accepts an argument ``--backup``, that you can pass
to give the location of the backup files, by default it looks in the
``tests/`` directory, eg:

.. code-block::

    ./manage.py upgrade_from_django_netjsongraph --backup /home/user/django_netjsongraph/

The management command accepts another argument ``--organization``, if you
want to import data to a specific organization, you can give its UUID for
the same, by default the data is added to the first found organization,
eg:

.. code-block::

    ./manage.py upgrade_from_django_netjsongraph --organization 900856da-c89a-412d-8fee-45a9c763ca0b

**Note**: you can follow the `tutorial to migrate database from
django-netjsongraph
<https://github.com/openwisp/django-netjsongraph/blob/master/README.rst>`_.

.. _network_topology_create_device_nodes:

``create_device_nodes``
-----------------------

This management command can be used to create the initial ``DeviceNode``
relationships when the :doc:`integration with OpenWISP Controller
<integrations>` is enabled in a pre-existing system which already has some
devices and topology objects in its database.

.. code-block:: shell

    ./manage.py create_device_nodes
